OPTIMISM ABOUT A POTENTIAL DEAL
TO FREE SOME OF THE HOSTAGES
HELD BY HAMAS TELLING REPORTERS
YESTERDAY HE BELIEVES IT'S,
QUOTE, GOING TO HAPPEN.
FAMILIES OF THE AMERICANS
BELIEVED TO BE HELD HOSTAGE WILL
MEET WITH OFFICIALS AT THE STATE
DEPARTMENT AND ON CAPITOL HILL
TODAY.
THAT COMES AFTER THOUSANDS OF
DEMONSTRATORS FILLED THE
NATIONAL MALL YESTERDAY IN THE
MARCH FOR ISRAEL, MANY SHOWING
SUPPORT FOR THOSE HOSTAGES.
NOW, THE FAMILY OF 8-YEAR-OLD
EMILY HAND ARE ANXIOUSLY
AWAITING NEWS, INITIALLY
BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN KILLED
DURING THE OCTOBER 7th HAMAS
ATTACKS BUT NOW BELIEVED TO BE
AMONG THE 239 HOSTAGES.
BEFORE LEARNING HIS DAUGHTER WAS
ALIVE, HER FATHER SAID HER DEATH
WAS A BETTER ALTERNATIVE THAN
BEING HELD CAPTIVE BY HAMAS.
>> THAT WAS THE WEST THAT I WAS
HOPING FOR.
SHE WAS EITHER DEAD OR IN GAZA.
AND IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT
WHAT THEY DO TO PEOPLE IN GAZA,
THAT IS WORSE THAN DEATH.
>> EMILY'S FATHER WAS PLANNING
TO BURR ARE YOU HIS DAUGHTER
ALONGSIDE HER MOTHER, WITH WHO
DIED FROM CANCER SEVERAL YEARS
AGO, AND NOW HE IS WAITING FOR A
CHANCE TO HUG HIS BEAUTIFUL
LITTLE GIRL.
EMILY TURNS 9 THIS FRIDAY.
>> SHE WON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT DAY
IT IS.
SHE WON'T KNOW IT'S HER
BIRTHDAY.
THERE WILL BE NO BIRTHDAY CAKE.
NO PARTY.
NO FRIENDS.
JUST BE PETRIFIED IN A TUNNEL
UNDER GAZA.
THAT'S HER BIRTHDAY.
>> EMILY'S FATHER, THOMAS HAND,
IS WITH US NOW.
>> GOOD MORNING.
>> WE HAVE BEEN WATCHING YOU,
GRIEVING WITH YOU, HOPING FOR
YOU.
NOW YOU ARE HERE IN THE FIGHT OF
YOUR LIFE FOR YOUR DAUGHTER, WHO
TURNS 9 ON FRIDAY.
TELL US ABOUT THAT FIGHT.
>> WE HAVE BEEN WORKING NON-STOP
TO PUT PRESSURE ON ALL THE
GOVERNMENTS ALL OVER THE WORLD
TO DO THEIR BEST TO GET,
PARTICULARLY MY LITTLE EMILY,
BACK HOME.
SHE IS AN IRISH CITIZEN, SO WE
PUT A LOT OF PRESSURE ON THE
IRISH GOVERNMENT.
WE ARE DOING EVERYTHING THAT WE
POSSIBLY CAN TO GET HER HOME,
AND ALL THE HOSTAGES.
AT LEAST THE CHILDREN.
THEY COULD START OFF WITH THE
BABIES AND THE CHILDREN.
THEY'VE GOT BABIES BEING
KIDNAPPED OVERRE.
>> POPPY MAKES A SALIENT POINT.
ALL OF US WERE SHAKEN WHEN WE
WATCHED YOUR INTERVIEW WITH
CLARISSA WARD, I THINK, AND WE
KIND OF RODE THE ROLLER COASTER
WITH YOU, OBVIOUSLY, TO A
SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEGREE WHEN
WE SAW YOUR INTERVIEW WITH ED
LAVANDERA WHERE THINGS HAD
CHANGED.
WHAT HAS BEEN THE RESPONSE TO
YOU?
I CAN'T IMAGINE HOW PAINFUL AND
DIFFICULT IT IS TO HAVE TO COME
OUT AND TALK ABOUT THIS.
I ALSO IMAGINE THE SUPPORT FOR
WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN SAYING HAS
BEEN TREMENDOUS.
>> THE SUPPORT WORLDWIDE IS
TREMENDOUS, AND I'VE GOT PEOPLE
IN BRAZIL SENDING ME MESSAGES,
COMFORT AND SUPPORT.
YEAH.
THE CAMPAIGN IS VIRAL, I SUPPOSE
YOU'D CALLED IT.
AND IT'S BEEN GREAT, THE SUPPORT
THAT WE'RE BEING GIVEN.
>> IN THE LAST 24 HOURS,
PRESIDENT BIDEN HAD A LENGTHY
CALL WITH PRIME MINISTER
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU AND PRESIDENT
BIDEN CAME OUT OF THAT CALL AND
SAID HE BELIEVES IT'S, QUOTE,
GOING TO HAPPEN.
DOES THAT GIVE YOU MORE HOPE?
THAT THEY ARE GOING TO GET OUT?
>> OF COURSE.
YOU KNOW, AMERICA HAS A LOT OF
INFLUENCE ALL OVER THE WORLD.
IF HE SAYS THAT, OBVIOUSLY, HE
KNOWS MORE THAN I DO, AND EVERY
LITTLE BIT OF INFORMATION GIVES
US HOPE THAT WE CAN GET EMILY
AND AT LEAST THE CHILDREN AND
BABIES OUT OF GAZA.
>> HOW OFTEN ARE YOU GETTING
INFORMATION EITHER FROM THE
IRISH OFFICIALS, THE U.S.
OFFICIALS --
>> VERY, VERY LITTLE.
NOBODY REALLY KNOWS ANYTHING.
I JUST -- I KNOW FOR A FACT THAT
SHE'S NOT DEAD.
YOU KNOW FOR A FACT THAT SHE WAS
LED AWAY BY HAMAS TERRORISTS.
THERE IS EYEWITNESS ACCOUNTS OF
IT.
SOMEONE SAW HER BEING LED AWAY.
HER AND HER FRIEND AND HER
FRIEND'S MOTHER.
>> CAN I ASK YOU, I KNOW FOR A
FACT, THAT IS THE REPORTING, BUT
DO YOU ALSO FEEL IT?
YOU KNOW, PARENTS FEEL SOMETHING
WITH THEIR CHILDREN, RIGHT, A
BOND LIKE NO OTHER.
CAN YOU FEEL EMILY?
>> NO.
NO.
MY FEELINGS, I CAN'T LET MY
FEELINGS INTERFERE WITH GETTING
HER BACK.
IT'S LIKE A CAMPAIGN.
WE JUST KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
I DON'T EVEN SEE THE INTERVIEWS.
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO LOOK AT THE
INTERVIEWS.
I DON'T WATCH THE NEWS.
I HAVEN'T GOT TIME FOR IT.
IT'S JUST FULL ON GET IT EMILY
BACK.
>> TO THAT POINT, PART OF THAT
IS GOING TO HAPPEN IN TIMES
SQUARE RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF
NEW YORK, RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> BIG BILLBOARDS.
I GUESS, FOR SURE EMILY AND
MARCHING ON FROM THERE.
JUST TO KEEP EMILY -- JUST TO
KEEP HER ALIVE IN PEOPLE'S MINDS
AND HEARTS.
>> WE MENTIONED, AND YOU HAVE
SPOKEN ABOUT, HER BIRTHDAY ON
FRIDAY.
BILLBOARDS?
>> YEAH.
>> AND DRIVING AND NOT BEING
ABLE TO STOP AND THINK.
HOW MUCH OF THAT IS BECAUSE YOU
HAVE A GOAL HERE, BECAUSE YOU
HAVE A TRUE PORPS, A NORTH STAR,
AND HOW MUCH OF THAT IS BECAUSE
YOU DON'T WANT TO STOP AND THINK
ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON RIGHT NOW?
>> YEAH.
I CAN'T.
I ACTUALLY KEEP HER IN A SPECIAL
PLACE, AND I DON'T WANT TO
IMAGINE WHAT SHE'S GOING
THROUGH.
EVERY DAY, 38 DAYS NOW.
I CAN'T THINK ABOUT IT.
IT WOULD BE TOO PAINFUL.
SHE IS DOWN IN THE TUNNELS OF
GAZA WITH HAMAS.
I DON'T WANT TO THINK OF WHAT
CONDITIONS SHE'S IN.
HOW SHE IS BEING TREATED.
HOW SHE IS BEING FED.
HOW SHE IS -- IF SHE HAS BEEN
GIVEN WATER.
JUST HAS SHE GOT A TOOTHBRUSH
AND TOOTHPASTE.
TOILET FACILITIES.
THESE ARE TUNNELS UNDERNEATH
GAZA.
I DON'T KNOW.
COULD BE LIKE THE TRAIN CARTS IN
THE SECOND WORLD WAR.
THEY WERE JUST ALL IN A CATTLE
CAR AND PE E&P OO WHERE YOU
STOOD.
I DON'T KNOW.
>> I KNOW YOU SAID WHEN YOU GET
HER BACK, YOU WILL TAKE HER TO
DISNEY WORLD AND GIVE HER THE
WORLD.
SHE IS SO LUCKY TO HAVE YOU.
THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
>> WE'RE -- I'M NOT GOING TO
SEND HER TO SCHOOL FOR AT LEAST
A YEAR.
WE'RE GOING TO GIVE HER THE
WORLD.
JUST HAPPY TIMES.
AND FIX HER.
YOU KNOW, SHE IS NOT GOING TO
COME BACK -- NONE OF THEM ARE
GOING TO COME BACK THE WAY THEY
WENT IN.
THEY ARE GOING TO BE MENTALLY
AND PHYSICALLY AND EMOTIONALLY
BROKEN.
AND THAT'S GOING TO TAKE A LOT
OF FIXING.
THAT'S GOING TO TAKE A LOT OF
TIME AND ENERGY TO PUCKS HER.
-- TO FIX HER.
WE WILL DO EVERYTHING WE CAN TO
FIX HER.
>> WE HOPE AND PRAY FOR THAT
MOMENT WHEN YOU GET TO GIVE HER
THE WORLD, ANYTHING YOU NEED OR
WE CAN DO TO CONTINUE TO GET THE